[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, you'll
learn how to organize
videos using folders.
The Media module
offers the ability
to organize videos
using folders.
Having videos in folders
makes them easier
to manage in accounts
with hundreds
or thousands of videos.
Folders are displayed in
the side navigation panel.
The number after the folder
name indicates how many
videos are in the folder.
To create a new folder,
click the Create Folder link
and enter a name for the folder.
When you're done, press Enter.
I'm going to create
one more folder.
There are a couple of ways
to add videos to a folder.
You can select
one or more videos
and then click More, Move to
Folder, select the folder,
and then click Move.
You can also use search
to find videos and then
add them to a folder.
I'm going to search
for the bird videos.
I'll select them all and then
add them to the Birds folder.
Note that a video can only
be assigned to one folder,
and nested folders
are not supported.
Once videos have been
assigned to a folder,
you can click on the
folder name to see
the videos in that folder.
The dropdown menu can be used
to rename or delete a folder.
To remove videos from a folder,
select one or more videos
and click Remove Videos,
Remove Videos from Folder.
You can also just move
them to another folder.